# Queuesgard
Residential districts assembled in a spiraling manner with commercial districts in between the folds, the Queuesgard receives its power and fortitude from a particularly complex force - life, and more importantly, time. There is a particularly odd phenomena within the Queuesgard, and that is its inhabitants. Born with a fixed lifespan of 50 years, the people of the Queuesgard are always aware of their exact time of life and death. And obeying this phenomena by structuring society around it is what has made the Queuesgard strong. By respecting the order of birth and of life, it is said the Queuesgard achieves a level of introspection and foresight that could be said to be magical.

As for the people of the Queuesgard, you would expect this culture would be full of dread. And you would be wrong, in fact it is quite the opposite. The Queuesgard is populated by those full of appreciation for the smaller details. Queuesgard are born at an intellect level of around 15, and mature extremely quick, having agency for most of their 50 years of life. Furthermore, the family unit is not determined by blood, but by time of birth. Those who share your birth time become your family. The newest families live in the first residence, and continue to migrate the spiral path outwards, moving every month or so to a new house, one link closer to the final residence, known as the Resting Place.

Disaster has struck the Queuesgard, though. More recently, there has been the first unforeseen death at the age of 37 years old, which has begun to send panic into the region. The queue-like order of the region is now in question, and the imppressive magic this lifestyle has granted has seemingly faded. More than ever, the people of the Queuesgard has lost the solace in their system, and now truly begin to fear death in the loss of their certainty.